---
title: "[Mini Talk] Who Am I?"
---

Wataru: Umm, Tomoya Mashiro...was it?

Thank you for helping me earlier.

If you may, could you also tell me who I am?

Tomoya: .........

Huh? Are you alright? Why are you so quiet?

How should I handle this? I don't know what to do...

Tomoya: What are you even saying...

You can't hear me? Do you need me to repeat?

Err... Who exactly am I?

Tomoya: Are you still messing with me?

No, I'm not trying to—

I apologize. It seems like I'm troubling you. I don't know what's what...

---

Wataru: Sorry. I'm a total mess...

I don't know what happened to me... I have cuts all over my body...

I can't remember anything— Ouch...

Tomoya: Are you okay?!

Phew, I'm okay. It only hurt a little bit, but my pain has gone away by now.

Why are you making such a pained face? You're not the one who got hurt.

Tomoya: Painkillers should help...

Ah, thank you. I'll go take these now...

Phew, I should be able to manage one way or another. I appreciate your kindness.

Tomoya: I'll wrap a bandage around your ankle again.

I see, so it's a small sprain... If you wrap it tightly and fix it in place, it'll get better, huh.

Hehe, you seem to know a lot about these types of things. I wonder if someone taught you how to do that.

---

Wataru: Um, sorry to ask again, but who am I?

You seem to know who I am, but I do not...

Is there anything that...connects us?

Tomoya: Amazing!

Whoa, why did you shout all of a sudden?!

Uh, you say it's a word I use a lot...? Hmm, I don't think I've heard it before, though.

Tomoya: Theater.

What is this "theater"? Is it when one becomes another person and captivates the audience...?

I don't understand, but from the look of your face, it sounds like a lot of fun.

Tomoya: Masks.

"Masks"...? I would wear one at any chance I got last year?

But wouldn't wearing a mask distort one's vision? Why did I like wearing one?
