---
title: "[Mini Talk] Cinderellaesque"
story: "sanctuary"
miniTalk: true
---

<Bubble character="Tomoya">

"G-Good mornin', Stepmother."

Mm... That came out stiff, huh.

"Good morning, Stepmother." Alright, now _that's_ more like Cinderella...♪

</Bubble>

> Nope. Not even close. Shall I show you an example of how to do it?

<Bubble character="Tomoya">

Alright, sur— Wait, why are you acting all excited before I finished my sentence?!

Well, you _are_ the club president after all.

So of _course_ you can act Cinderella better than me. I'm still learning, y'know.

</Bubble>

<Bubble character="Tomoya">

S-Sure...

What, I'm too straightforward? And you're a good-for-nothing pervert.

I don't have much confidence in my acting, y'know?

</Bubble>

> "Morning, Cinderella"

Woah, it's the Masked Pervert— I-I mean, Stepmother.
Yeah, yeah. I know, the show starts soon.
I gotta play Cinderella perfectly.

What was that for?! It's not morning anymore...
Huh? ...Ah, so you were replying as the Stepmother.
Ughh~ I can't get into my role at all.

---

Let's see... So I'm Cinderella, Hokuto-senpai's the First Prince...
Hasumi-senpai and Kanzaki-senpai are the stepsisters, Kiryu-senpai's the Second Prince...
And the Masked Pervert's both the Stepmother and Fairy Godmother... It'll be alright. I got this.

> "Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo♪"

Gwah?! Wait, I don't want flowers—
...I lost a point? It wasn't Cinderella-like?
Urgh... I didn't act quickly enough, so I can't blame you for deducting points.

Err, you did magic right now so...
"Thank you, Fairy Godmother. With this, I can go to the ball."
Heheh. Ask and you shall receive!

> "Is everything nice and clean, Cinderella?"

"I finished cleaning not so long ago."
"I'll be preparing your meal next."
...Hm? Oh, I just acted out what I think Cinderella would say.

"I'm sorry, Stepmother."
"I tripped on a bucket of water and flooded the hallway..."
Hmm. It's better to do nothing if I'm just going to break the dishes and dirty the laundry.

---

Breathe in... Breathe out...♪
Alright, I'm all fired up now. Time to show the audience what all that practicing was for!
...Ugh, I'm still as nervous as before. Am I even gonna make it to the end?

> There's no need to fret. I'm sure you can do it.

I know. You gave me this role because you knew I could do it.
Hmm, even though it feels like you just gave it to me for your own amusement...
I still hope you have high expectations for me!

...Thank you, President.
It feels weird to express my thanks to you so openly but...
I'm doing my best, so keep your eyes on me, okay?

> Believe in yourself.

...I guess.
I can't get into my role if I don't have any confidence in myself.
I would just have to believe that I could do it.

Believe in...myself?
That's surprising for you to say... Since you're nothing even _like_ what a club president should be.
But I guess what you said resonates with me. Just a little bit.